update ruler api path (#99)
grafana/cortex-tools: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

* [BUGFIX] Fix inaccuracy in `e2ealerting` caused by invalid purging condition on timestamps. #117

> * [ENHANCEMENT] Add `--use-legacy-routes` flag to `rules` #99

Reviewer: **suggestion:** `CHANGE` is a better fit for this. No reason to break it up into two separate entries.

```suggestion
* [CHANGE] When using `rules` commands, cortex ruler API requests will no default to using the `/api/v1/` prefix. 
The `--use-legacy-routes` flag has been added to allow users to use the original `/api/prom/` routes. #99
```

## Unreleased

* [BUGFIX] Fix inaccuracy in `e2ealerting` caused by invalid purging condition on timestamps. #117

> * [CHANGE] When using `rules` commands, cortex ruler API requests will now default to using the `/api/v1/` prefix. 
> The `--use-legacy-routes` flag has been added to allow users to use the original `/api/prom/` routes. #99

Reviewer: This should be a single line
```suggestion
* [CHANGE] When using `rules` commands, cortex ruler API requests will now default to using the `/api/v1/` prefix. The `--use-legacy-routes` flag has been added to allow users to use the original `/api/prom/` routes. #99
```

Author: I have updated, now this is a single line.
